.TH WALLPAPER-SORTER 1 "August 2025" "v1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
wallpaper-sorter \- classify and organize wallpapers into day and night folders based on brightness

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wallpaper-sorter
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This script sorts images in a wallpapers directory into
two subfolders: \fBday\fR and \fBnight\fR, based on
their brightness. It supports interactive conflict
resolution, folder cleanup, and scheduling via systemd
timers or cron jobs.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--force\fR
Overwrite duplicate files without prompting.
.TP
\fB--verbose\fR
Enable verbose logging to stdout.
.TP
\fB--dry-run\fR
Simulate actions without making any changes.
.TP
\fB--only-folder \fIFOLDER\fR
Process only images inside the specified subfolder.
.TP
\fB--loop\fR
Run the sorting process continuously every hour.
.TP
\fB--setup-timer\fR
Install and start a systemd user timer to run sorting every 30 minutes.
.TP
\fB--setup-cron\fR
Install a cron job to run sorting every 30 minutes.
.TP
\fB--help\fR
Display this help message and exit.

.SH INTERACTIVE MODE
If run without any options, the script displays an interactive menu
allowing the user to select actions such as running sorting once,
running continuously, setting up timers or cron jobs, or exiting.

.SH DUPLICATE HANDLING
If a file with the same name exists in the target folder,
the script prompts the user to rename the file, mass rename all
duplicates, or skip moving the file. This can be overridden by
using \fB--force\fR to overwrite automatically.

.SH FOLDER CLEANUP
The script removes empty leftover folders automatically.
For non-empty folders, it lists contents and prompts for
confirmation before deletion, defaulting to skip.

.SH LOGGING
All operations and warnings are logged to
\fB~/.cache/wallpaper_sorter.log\fR.

.SH DEPENDENCIES
Requires ImageMagick (\fBconvert\fR) for brightness calculation.

.SH AUTHOR
Your Name <your.email@example.com>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs or feature requests to <your.email@example.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License


